and then youtube, but a video like
kimi prestiti foot
Today I'm going to teach you how to change
music because many friends do not want
to wear lipstick and can not because of
format that you see that has a format
music for that reason the format is
the eiv is you will see that does not appear in
several songs coming now I'm going to enter
here in the normal folder instead of music
is seeing
first you go there in the format of
factory program name duplicates in
audio in mp3 format various formats
You go there in error format for
changing walter and add that I
it was there on your desktop put in the folder
you're the songs you want changes
that I should put some
then you click and press shift on and
click to the maximum of emotion that you
want to push open these songs you
press ok
then what you press start goes
pass this is that the songs do not
The songs that you
chose to play it looks like it there when
You have here the others will not
appear others you did not do this
it does not appear that you did it
appears what seems business task
complete elapsed time in seconds
in seconds and then you click on folder
destination and paste it into the folder you
put you to change you just go
options will change to choose the folder that
you want and pressed on top of it and
press apply and what
Then if you do that, it'll all be over.
there you could close
I came to Santos to have your songs
here in the folder you wanted to have
So you understand I 'm going to put any
music that you can all tighten a
electric z button here you can put
more here until May they will pick you up
usually not
and friends who requested this video then
thank you so much, thanks
do not know if we song where to sign up
on my personal channel
Thanks, and I liked it.